eZ GroupEventCalendar Introduction

eZ calendar is an extension to the eZ publish 2 cms. eZ calendar provides
an advanced web based calendar application.

Brookins Consulting has provided much needed additional refinements
and improvements to eZ calendar v2.0 (formerly known as eZGroupEventCalendar).

The eZ calendar, eZ publish 2 module enables an eZ publish instance to provide
a full fledged web calendar to users. eZ calendar supports recurring events,
event comments, event group, event type, event category, event priority,
event status, event comments, event files, event links, sort events by group,
month view, week view, day view, year view, event tooltips,
jscalendar date selection, new design templates,


Online Demo:

http://ezcommunity.net/calendar/


Features:

With eZ calendar you can filter the events based on the event type and for
which group of people the event concerns. The eZ calendar features very 
flexible security and permissions on calendar administration depending on 
user groups specified in the admin which can view, add, edit, delete events. 
The public user in the prerequisite group can view either by day, month or year.

It also supports a new dhtml, css user interphase, advanced repeat event,
file/image/map attachments, directions link, html descriptions, 
multi-tier event groupings and many more features . . .

eZ calendar is a powerful component to add into any existing eZ publish 
installation, especially used for collaborative and informative sites.

eZ calendar provides calendar features which match most handheld and computer 
desktop datebook / calendar applications.

eZ calendar has been extended to support every possible kind of reoccurring 
event type you can imagine.

eZ calendar is a standalone module, which depends on the eZ publish framework, 
modules and classes.

A special thanks goes out to everyone in the eZ publish user community 
who contributed to eZ calendar's design, development, motivation, funding, 
testing, extension, feedback and so much more . . .

eZ calendar is available from any of these fine locations:
eZ community, SourceForge, BerliOS, /download/


Examples:
- Add Event
- Edit Event
- Enable Notification
- Manage Event Attachements
- Add Event Attachement
- Manage Calendar Configuration (Admin | Module)

Calendar Usage:
- User

An average user will look at the calendar views, download or view 
event file attachements.

A contributing user will create an account, login, submit event comments, 
recieve event notifications.

A editor user will do all of the above and add, edit events, upload and attach event file attachements.



Dependancies and Requirements:

Client Side Scripting : The calendar uses the following Javascript tools.

Dom Drag - Used for draggable calendar navigation div, and the Sort by Group div.
http://www.youngpup.net/2001/domdrag

JS Calendar - Used for filling date fields when adding/editing an event.
http://www.dynarch.com/projects/calendar/

Overlib - Used for informational popups.
http://www.bosrup.com/web/overlib/


